Yo hungry customer
Banned
I want you to marry Si Xiaoxiao
Take him and never show up in Kyoto again
I would love it.
uncle aunt
I thought about it for a long time.
I still can't bear to smile
Please also ask uncle and aunt
Ask Xiaoxiao to marry me
Banned about this
Your uncle and I are very supportive of you.
But yeah.
Last time, you regretted it on the spot.
Oh, this little one is a treasure in our hands.
If we promise you so easily
How can I know if you are sincere to Xiaoxiao?
I know, Aunt Hough. There's 250,000 in this card
As long as your little one marries me
This 250,000 you
Oops good son-in-law
Come in come in come in hehe
Tired of this journey
Come and sit
What does the old man do now?
I don't know where the little dead girl went
Hey, with you like this
What mother is sick